DEVOPS-592: add-turn-reserved-ip (#1517)
100mslive/100ms-docs: docs/server-side/v2/changelog/release-notes.mdx

---

This Changelog highlights notable changes to the 100ms server-side API, such as API additions, improvements, and deprecations. Also, we've included developer experience improvements to this page to keep you on track with items that will enhance your integration journey.

> ## 2023-04-28

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## 2023-04-28
```

### Additions

> - Added turn reserved IP for production turn servers of EU|US|IN.

Reviewer: can we reframe this? as a user, i should i need to know if i have to make any changes. can we make it actionable?

> - Added reserved IP for production turn servers of EU|US|IN. When end user's is unable to join room or when join room is working but user is getting kicked out of room. This issues might be related to user's firewall blocking connection.In such scenarios end user needs to whitelist IP in the firewall for the 100ms call to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added reserved IP addresses for TURN servers in EU|US|IN. These IP addresses can be whitelisted in firewall configuration to solve scenarios where a user is unable to join the room due to a restricted network firewall.
```
